yeah we IL in a big yacht man celebrate
my brother flo rida birthday man wanna
do it one way man that's big b.i.g shout
out to my brother Flo happy birthday man
god bless I love you man how we do it I
am G strong on hope what we hear you
know what it is man DJ chronic we out
here on the yacht man it's going down
Hey
what's going on with Shibuya beef oh we
already know we are here on this yacht
my first time on the yacht part of your
millions times but anyways try to
celebrate your birthday man
live it up stay blessed you already know
ing stronger on it super happy birthday
my brother man you draw myself last
night
I'm drawing myself again tonight you're
the man you know how to do a big strong
on this duties done a lot for me and I
appreciate it all so happy birthday
don't walk see you see this go ahead yo
what's going on floor man happy birthday
to your man from the bottom of my heart
hey it's not many times without a young
black man gets to pursue his dream
wishing more success more years of music
more years of number one yeah I know
it's your birthday
so we're gonna party like it's your
birthday we're gonna sip some Bacardi
we've gotta sip some Seagram's we're
gonna turn up cuz it's going down for
real I love you very much I hope you're
gonna have the best day of your life
hey Flo its Blake I know all I do is
talk smack about how my Whoopie at home
sit but I think it's gonna happen but
I'm just wanna wish you a happy birthday
love being here in Florida and able to
celebrate with you so happy birthdays
going down for real you know I love you
we love you already know man chuckles oh
and it's tough raising flo rida yeah
birthday party we live it here man let's
know having Burke left let's go shouts
out to Flo Rida free 0 IMG strong all
family and you failed against do Brahmin
to flip your to man I just want to wish
my brother happy birthday anymore now
without without fish a girl rock stars
Eva and I'm always on fire and look here
on Christmas birthdays what he already
know virgos do it but anyway all day
cheerful forgive me this on time she
waited and gave it to look but I did it
even better in long videos shutout to
the money team to Floyd winning the
fight you know I'm saying we celebrated
my birthday out there in Vegas now we
lie and Fort Lauderdale taking it to
Miami tonight so blessed man to be here
with the team strong on IG baby love
y'all yeah fans enjoy my birthday with
me